hello all welcome to our videos
today I am at the internship
international dance dancer 6.6 to
the cork opera and I am with joan
who is a future professional student
future dancer star maybe who's going
at the school of the royal ballet of london
during his little warm-up routine
and great muscular strength
we had seen a young man who made
abdominal exercises that are not
too much in our thinking
so she'll go show us me
who can think together about the interest
to have abdominals for the sake of
power well mobilized precisely its
abdominals in the dance ok so you can
maybe lying on the side and we
show what they have as exercise
usually abdominals I at 15 years
so a worst go all that effort
sporty you can see that even as
this here if I put my hand on his belly
my hand as it comes off I feel very
clearly that here the grand rights
thicken and mounts hockey in the
midday dance I'm wrong but we did not
not really interesting to go
shorten it's always rather and
stretches and lengthens it's just so
again I do not see well
the interest of having to
shrink shortened the abs because
that we are not going to use this movement
there in the dance to work it's
blick
how is it used to treat mic
it was that the twists here again
I take it we do not often see
dancers who shrink and they get
I feel we see rather we
try to get a lot more
far always lengthened so still a
time this movement is really not
appropriate and she's not going to put them
in his dance routine nor even in the
ballet in itself so we
A little discussed and had him
little bit showed our way of thinking
so the idea was still
strengthen her lap strap by
can always keep a car
grow on the back is here
a good support of the abdominal strap
so not repression so the exercise
they were offered it was simply
alex worse sell it at most if
we want to intensify this work could
find the sheathing with the watchers
boards
we can also do the opposite of what we
usually done with the hands behind
the head to put hands
behind the head simply
and instead that it is and hand that carries
the head is your head that pushes back
hands so as if you wanted to come
crush my hand here to the carpet not there and
you breathe and the up
she sells super hollow the difference of a
manager do as you usually do
Here el Hammam invents if
she's trying to come back to her quest
in my hand right now you want
crush my head here is here
sell it between herman you feel gold here you
go out just what insult
publicis and havas ok for the obliques
what we can do to not pack
for you look and self grow
know how to do on the side so you 'll
return to the side
here is your arm here behind will come
like it's behind your head
thomas little chick are you going to flex
both legs in front of you your knees
come here in front of your job then
why did people bend
simply because in fact chi
without the leather man people shattered the
camber at the back to the box
of water stay very straight very stretched
we just blow a new wind
between going back and you're going sovereign
little bit knees and feet if you
ok here we do not work obliquely
ok it's them who will make you go up
get out your belly he's working his hockey
and we have no shortening has
not settle and if its size remains very
stretched hockey several levels
difficulties in doing this exercise
she could also keep her feet at
soil and simply expires show the
days here it is to sell it back not
too much push on the support arm not no
no longer lean back
here and here at which my work
of abs so be careful always
thought by layer it's really first
the deep abs so I suffer the
sell between and you go up are you
boys wind to go back that goes is
always kept self growing
the more the shots column and the more the
abs deep work
ok so of course it's going to make both
sides this exercise acta do it a little
little on each side so the number of
time we can say pretty much by
expiratory cycle we can say 5
modified crunch expiration and five of
each side for hobbits his share is
what you make the difference yes but
I hope this video will have you
served thanks to you can participate in
our videos we are very soon
in other videos
thank you ciao